README.md, before:

# Contact-Manager
.NET Core application that provides a solution for a Contact Manager

## Run / Deploy
The project was built in VS017 as a AWS Serveless Application with .NET Core, so it can be deployed directly to AWS Lambda.

## Classes Managed
**Contact:**
```javascript
{
    "name": "Agustin",
    "company": "Earthflateners",
    "profileImage": null,
    "email": "email@gmail.com",
    "birthday": "1987-03-24",
    "phoneNumber": 0,
    "address": {
    	"state": "State",
        "city": "City",
        "street": "Street",
        "cp": 123
    }
}
```

## Endpoints
* **Create Contact**
```
Verb: POST
URL: api/contacts
```
Body:
```javascript
{
    "name": "Agustin",
    "company": "Earthflateners",
    "profileImage": null,
    "email": "email@gmail.com",
    "birthday": "1987-03-24",
    "phoneNumber": 0,
    "address": {
    	"state": "State",
        "city": "City",
        "street": "Street",
        "cp": 123
    }
}
```

Response:
```
Contact created
```

* **Get Contact by Id**
```
Verb: GET
URL: api/contacts/contactId
```

Response:
```
Contact or if the id does not match with stored contact a 500 response with the corresponding Exception message
```

* **Update Contact**
```
Verb: PUT
URL: api/contacts
```

Body:
```javascript
{
    "id": 1,
    "name": "Agustin",
    "company": "Earthflateners",
    "profileImage": null,
    "email": "email@gmail.com",
    "birthday": "1987-03-24",
    "phoneNumber": 0,
    "address": {
    	"state": "State",
        "city": "City",
        "street": "Street",
        "cp": 123
    }
}
```

Response:
```
Contact or if the id does not match with a stored contact a 500 response with the corresponding Exception message
```

* **Delete Contact by Id**
```
Verb: GET
URL: api/contacts/contactId
```

Response:
```
Ok response with a status 200 or if the id does not match with stored contact a 500 status response with the corresponding Exception message
```

## Tests
The project has unit test over the endpoint Create Contact.
They can be run throught Visual Studio, from the Test Explorer or from the menu:
```
Test > Run > All Tests
```
They verify: 
 * Response of the endpoint it's ok, has te correct type and that it returns a 200 as a response
 * The given conctact is created and the returned contact is the one given
 * The Id's generated for the created contacts starts on 1 and are incremented by 1
 * The contact is being validated with the mandatory fields (Name and Email)
 * The contact was stored propertly and can be retrieve from the Get Contact endpoint

Commit message:

Updated README.mdAdded AWS Lambda Url

README.md, after:

# Contact-Manager
.NET Core application that provides a solution for a Contact Manager

## Run / Deploy
The project was built in VS017 as a AWS Serveless Application with .NET Core, so it can be deployed directly to AWS Lambda.

The project has been already deployed on AWS Lambda and can be accessed via the URL:\
    https://fciytka6gk.execute-api.sa-east-1.amazonaws.com/Prod

## Classes Managed
**Contact:**
```javascript
{
    "name": "Agustin",
    "company": "Earthflateners",
    "profileImage": null,
    "email": "email@gmail.com",
    "birthday": "1987-03-24",
    "phoneNumber": 0,
    "address": {
    	"state": "State",
        "city": "City",
        "street": "Street",
        "cp": 123
    }
}
```

## Endpoints
* **Create Contact**
```
Verb: POST
URL: api/contacts
```
Body:
```javascript
{
    "name": "Agustin",
    "company": "Earthflateners",
    "profileImage": null,
    "email": "email@gmail.com",
    "birthday": "1987-03-24",
    "phoneNumber": 0,
    "address": {
    	"state": "State",
        "city": "City",
        "street": "Street",
        "cp": 123
    }
}
```

Response:
```
Contact created
```

* **Get Contact by Id**
```
Verb: GET
URL: api/contacts/contactId
```

Response:
```
Contact or if the id does not match with stored contact a 500 response with the corresponding Exception message
```

* **Update Contact**
```
Verb: PUT
URL: api/contacts
```

Body:
```javascript
{
    "id": 1,
    "name": "Agustin",
    "company": "Earthflateners",
    "profileImage": null,
    "email": "email@gmail.com",
    "birthday": "1987-03-24",
    "phoneNumber": 0,
    "address": {
    	"state": "State",
        "city": "City",
        "street": "Street",
        "cp": 123
    }
}
```

Response:
```
Contact or if the id does not match with a stored contact a 500 response with the corresponding Exception message
```

* **Delete Contact by Id**
```
Verb: GET
URL: api/contacts/contactId
```

Response:
```
Ok response with a status 200 or if the id does not match with stored contact a 500 status response with the corresponding Exception message
```

## Tests
The project has unit test over the endpoint Create Contact.
They can be run throught Visual Studio, from the Test Explorer or from the menu:
```
Test > Run > All Tests
```
They verify: 
 * Response of the endpoint it's ok, has te correct type and that it returns a 200 as a response
 * The given conctact is created and the returned contact is the one given
 * The Id's generated for the created contacts starts on 1 and are incremented by 1
 * The contact is being validated with the mandatory fields (Name and Email)
 * The contact was stored propertly and can be retrieve from the Get Contact endpoint
